# Main Directory

A few important files exist outside of the main site directories. These include:

## `.gitignore`

The `.gitignore` file is used to mark certain files and folders that GitHub should not track. In our file, I've marked `node_modules` and `package-lock.json`. These files are automatically generated by npm when `npm i` is run. They take up a lot of space that we don't need to store in GitHub.

## `app.js`

`app.js` is one of the most important files in our project. When you run `npm start`, the app starts by running the code inside of `app.js`. (See `package.json` below for more information on this command.)

## `package.json`

`package.json` is another important file in our project. This file contains all of the details of our project as a package and all of the details that npm needs to track on our project to function.

- When you call `npm i`, npm checks package.json for the list of package dependencies it needs to download.
- The `scripts` property of `package.json` gives you the ability to define npm commands as an _alias_ (i.e. shorthand) for other commands. For instance, in our current file, the `"start"` command is connected to `"node app.js"`. Normally, when you run `node app.js`, you call Node.js to begin running Javascript starting with your `app.js` file. With the `"start"` property, you can call `npm start` to automatically trigger `node app.js`, starting the app. We may come back to edit the `"test"` command, but I'm not sure for now...need to research JS test frameworks further.

## Auto-Generated Files: `package-lock.json` and `node_modules`

Both of these are created when you call `npm i` when setting up the project. `package-lock.json` contains additional package details, and `node_modules` contains the raw code of the packages themselves. You shouldn't need to enter or edit any of these files, and both are in the ignore file so they aren't tracked by GitHub.
